* #1: Migrated from the virtual-schemas repository (#1)
exasol/impala-virtual-schema: doc/user_guide/impala_user_guide.md

Now register the driver in EXAOperation:

1. Click "Software"
1. Switch to tab "JDBC Drivers"
1. Click "Browse..."
1. Select JDBC driver file
1. Click "Upload"
1. Click "Add"
1. In dialog "Add EXACluster JDBC driver" configure the JDBC driver (see below)

You need to specify the following settings when adding the JDBC driver via EXAOperation.

| Parameter | Value                                                   |
|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| Name      | `IMPALA`                                                |
| Main      | `com.cloudera.impala.jdbc41.Driver`                     |
| Prefix    | `jdbc:impala:`                                          |
| Files     | `ImpalaJDBC41.jar`                                      |

## Uploading the JDBC Driver to EXAOperation

1. [Create a bucket in BucketFS](https://docs.exasol.com/administration/on-premise/bucketfs/create_new_bucket_in_bucketfs_service.htm)
1. Upload the driver to BucketFS

This step is necessary since the UDF container the adapter runs in has no access to the JDBC drivers installed via EXAOperation but it can access BucketFS.

## Installing the Adapter Script

> Upload the latest available release of [Virtual Schema JDBC Adapter](https://github.com/exasol/virtual-schemas/releases) to Bucket FS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload the latest available release of [Impala Virtual Schema](https://github.com/exasol/impala-virtual-schema/releases) to Bucket FS.
```
